you
the earth is still flat
and clouds made of fun
and mountain stretched up to the sky
sometimes hi folks Rome is like a grown
they do some tomorrow they had two sets
of legs they have two faces we're out of
one giant head so they watch all around
am as they talk well they read
No
was
yo
your
Oh
there are three sexes it once and look
like you then Munna
was it shows another side and soon
shaping group was the children here they
look like they rolled up in one kid
nah
you're doing
God's we went scared of our strengthened
defines aforesaid I'm gonna kill them
all with my hammer like I killed the
Giants but you said no that let me use
my lying-in like scissors like that legs
off the whales dinosaurs and good
lizards the men
got some buds he let out our laps it'll
split them right down the middle I'm
gonna coddle right up it and the stuff
in the balls of fire
right
you go so
Oh
Pass
no sir
me
babe
see you
let me go
Oh
just bid adieu
looking at me I was imagine you and
we're so familiar I could not recognize
but you were not in your face I blood on
my I would like to swear by expression
that the cake there is so the same
everyone now in my okay
we call it love comes around each other
Curtis ourselves back to you we making
love
oh my
it was
we are
you